Add entry about `cfg!(overflow_checks)` (#1355)
rust-lang/reference: src/conditional-compilation.md

production.  For example, it controls the behavior of the standard library's
[`debug_assert!`] macro.

### `overflow_checks`

> Enabled when program compiled with overflow checks enabled, e.g. in development builds.

Reviewer: Just to give the reader some information on what this term means.

```suggestion
Enabled when program compiled with [overflow checks] enabled, e.g. in development builds.

[overflow checks]: expressions/operator-expr.md#overflow
```

production.  For example, it controls the behavior of the standard library's
[`debug_assert!`] macro.

### `overflow_checks`

> Enabled when program compiled with [overflow checks] enabled, e.g. in development builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled when compiling with [overflow checks] enabled, e.g. in development builds.
```
